1. What's the difference between calling task.run() and new Thread(task).start()? Try both and observe what happens. Which one creates actual concurrency?
	Calling task.run() executes the method in the current thread without creating a new thread, and thus creates no concurrency. Calling Thread(task).start() calls run() in a brand new thread, leading to concurrency.

2. Why do the threads finish in different orders each time you run option 2? What does this tell you about concurrent execution?
	Threads finish in different orders each time that you run option 2 because it is nondeterministic, which tells you that you cannot guarantee the order of execution will always be the same.

3. What would happen if you didn't call join() before accessing the results? Try removing the join() calls - what goes wrong?
	If you didn't call join() before accessing the results, then the main thread will not wait for the other threads to finish before continuing and would print an incorrect value. When I remove the join calls, the program returns 0 as the value of the Fibonnaci and sum of squares value and then later prints the correct values after the "Enter your choice: " prompt appears.

4. How does thread execution interleave? Notice how the console output from different threads mixes together. Is this random?
	The thread execution interleaves randomly based on the OS thread scheduling.

5. Why do we need the Thread.sleep() calls in the calculations? What happens if you remove them? Does it affect correctness or just visibility?
	Thread.sleep() is used to simulate computation work. Removing it does not impact correctness, but only visibility.

6. What happens to the calc object when you create the Runnable? How does the thread access the same CalculatorBase instance?
	When you create the Runnable, it receives a reference to the calc object. The thread access the same CalculatorBase instance by using the same reference.

7. Can you use a lambda expression instead of an anonymous class? Which style is more concise? Which is clearer?
	You can use a lambda expression instead of an anonymous class. The lambda expression is more concise and also clearer.
